---
title: "Update 2"
author: "alkaline"
---

OK, it has been two hectic weeks with the only time to work on the printer has been at the Wednesday night sessions but these have been very constructive.

The first week I managed to get all the balsa wood arm mounts and hotend mounts made  then I finally managed to assemble the rods and boards into the frame.  This was a mojor stepping stone as it now looks like the printer it will become :).

After checking every thing fitted nicely together, I disasembled it again so I could mount the three motors under the bottom board.  With those mounted on some angle brackets and cable ties I re-assembled the printer to mount the arms. 

Woot, first night done and proud of the achievements.

This week I was starting to look at how to mount the bearings and timing belts but was diverted when Shane thought it would look better with some CNC'd parts.  So after removing the arm mounts from the hotend holder he proceeded to design up a bueatiful hotend mount out of some 10mm smoked acrylic.

With this done, drilled, tapped and assembled it looked way better and certainly a marked improvement on my, umm, interesting balsa wood holder ;)

So from now until the next meeting I will be designing some cnc plans for the arm platforms and hopefully get them milled next week.  We are still on track to having this working by Christmas and can't wait to see it in motion.

Thanks heaps for the assistance this week Shane and can't wait to see the rest milled and assembled.

I will be posting some pictures shortly so check back after the weekend to see them.

